FAQ, working with LLM endpoints and explaining why config-list is a list (#1451)
microsoft/autogen: website/docs/FAQ.md

## Set your API endpoints

Autogen relies on 3rd party API endpoints for LLM inference. It works great with OpenAI and Azure OpenAI models, and can work with any model (self-hosted or local) that is accessible through an inference server compatible with OpenAI Chat Completions API.

An agent requires a list of configuration dictionaries for setting up model endpoints. Each configuration dictionary can contain the following keys:
- `model` (str): Required. The identifier of the model to be used, such as 'gpt-4', 'gpt-3.5-turbo', or 'llama-7B'.
- `api_key` (str): Optional. The API key required for authenticating requests to the model's API endpoint.
- `api_type` (str): Optional. The type of API service being used. This could be 'azure' for Azure Cognitive Services, 'openai' for OpenAI, or other custom types.
- `base_url` (str): Optional. The base URL of the API endpoint. This is the root address where API calls are directed.
- `api_version` (str): Optional. The version of the Azure API you wish to use

For example:
```python
config_list = [
{
"model": "gpt-4",
"api_key": os.environ.get("AZURE_OPENAI_API_KEY"),
"api_type": "azure",
"base_url": os.environ.get("AZURE_OPENAI_API_BASE"),

> "api_version": "2023-03-15-preview",

Reviewer: ```suggestion
"api_version": "2023-12-01-preview",
```

> "api_version": "2023-03-15-preview",

Reviewer 2: I would format this correctly just for readability sake

},

{
"model": "llama-7B",
"base_url": "http://127.0.0.1:8080",
"api_type": "open_ai",
}
]

> ```

Reviewer 2: I would format this correct just for legibility

assistant = autogen.AssistantAgent(name="assistant", llm_config={"api_key": ...})
```

### How does an agent decide which model to pick out of the list?

> An agent uses the very first model available in the "config_list" and makes LLM calls against this model. If the model fail (e.g. API throtling) the agent will retry the request against the 2nd model and so on until  prompt completion is received (or throws an error if none of the models successfully completes the request). There's no implicit/hidden logic inside agents that is used to pick "the best model for the task". It is developers responsibility to pick the right models and use them with agents.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An agent uses the very first model available in the "config_list" and makes LLM calls against this model. If the model fail (e.g. API throttling) the agent will retry the request against the 2nd model and so on until  prompt completion is received (or throws an error if none of the models successfully completes the request). There's no implicit/hidden logic inside agents that is used to pick "the best model for the task". It is developers responsibility to pick the right models and use them with agents.
```

> Besides throtling/rotating models the 'config_list' can be useful for:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Besides throttling/rotating models the 'config_list' can be useful for:
```

> - Having a single global list of models and [filtering it](/docs/reference/oai/openai_utils#filter_config) based on certain keys (e.g. name, tag) in order to pass select models into a certain agent (e.g. use cheaper GPT 3.5 for agents solving easier tasks)

Reviewer 2: <img width="895" alt="Screenshot 2024-01-29 at 23 06 23" src="https://github.com/microsoft/autogen/assets/22074246/b0adf7d9-e9ab-4b5f-bd14-2cd355697a9b">

Getting a 404 for this link

> - Using more advanced features not directly related to Agents, such as `filter_func` with [`OpenAIWrapper`](/docs/reference/oai/client#create) or [inference optimization](/docs/Examples#enhanced-inferences)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Using more advanced features for special purposes related to inference, such as `filter_func` with [`OpenAIWrapper`](/docs/reference/oai/client#create) or [inference optimization](/docs/Examples#enhanced-inferences)
```

### Unexpected keyword argument 'base_url'

In version >=1, OpenAI renamed their `api_base` parameter to `base_url`. So for older versions, use `api_base` but for newer versions use `base_url`.

### Can I use non-OpenAI models?

> Yes. Autogen can work with any API endpoint which complies with OpenAI-compatible RESTful APIs - e.g. serving local LLM via FastChat or LM Studio. Please check https://microsoft.github.io/autogen/blog/2023/07/14/Local-LLMs for an example.

Reviewer 2: Nice clarification here 👍
